Muhammad Abu aeda is treading through
the remains of what was once his
home each step is a search for closure
he seeks a glimmer of his three children
killed in Israeli air strikes who are
still buried under the
rubble I come here every day we still
have three children remaining under the
rubble Omar Abdullah and Mas in Hope one
can pull out their bodies or take a l
look at their remains but thank God this
is our fate and we pray to God that we
will be able to pull them out and see
them he says 22 members of his family
were killed by the same air
strike the Palestinian civil defense
says it has no resources to dig through
the rubble and retrieve the
bodies Israel's war on Gaza has left its
marks across the strip the albor rage
refugee camp in central Gaza was home to
46,000 pales iians who were already
displaced before the
war now entire neighborhoods are
destroyed after a 100 days of War most
of Gaza is in
Ruins according to the United Nations
Israel's bombardment has triggered the
largest displacement of Palestinians
since
1948 people fleeing their homes have
nowhere safe to
go there is not a day that we do not
move from place to place from darala to
canun to Rafa there are no goods and
there are no basic things needed for
Life there is no
life we wish to have better life
conditions we cannot find clean water or
other necessities of life this is utter
humiliation wherever you may turn your
face children are the most impacted and
we adults are helpless we cannot help
our children or even meet their basic
needs as the war drags on it's taking
away their hope for an end to the
suffering Axel Z AL
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer